See you have some login to
string stuff in this file,
can you show how to use that for
debugging?
>> Yes, check it out.
So, to string actually just [LAUGH]
calling string around things,
so if we do see a console.log(Right(2))
hopefully what happens here, where are we?
Wow, that's fine.
>> I think you can just
click the console and-
>> That's a much better way to do it thank
you, okay where's the?
>> In the bottom.
>> Lower left.
>> Lower left down.
>> All the way.
>> All the way, bottom left corner.
>> There it is, it's hidden from me, cool.
Let's tie these tests and
bring this up, I have to coerce it
into a string by calling a string
around it, so there's that.
And now you get a Right(2),
I can call to string but
if I put the string type around
it then it does the same thing.
It's kind of a fun trick
if you have a null,
you can't call a null to string
week put string around a null.
>> I'm more wondering
inside you're chaining.
>> What's that, yes, exactly so
that was the first one was easier.
So here we are, and we're working with
this and we're like, you know what?
I don't know what's going on here,
I'm just gonna map log,
and what's happening here is log,
it was LogIt, sorry, but
LogIt, if I can find it takes the x logs,
it returns it back.
So if I'm mapping over it,
I can actually just LogIt and
there we go, and
I can sprinkle these through if I'd like,
I can kinda say,
well what do I have here and
what do I have there, and
it doesn't wanna stay up.
[LAUGH] That's fine, [SOUND] okay, but
that's how you'll do that I mean
that's the same thing as doing this.
Okay, but you could also do this
cuz it returns it back, right?
So you can see what I'm dealing with, and
it looks like I have a left of that,
so cool.
So those are useful tools in
the middle of your composition to just
kind of inspect the inside or
outside, cool.
Anybody else.
>> Can we take off on the log method?.
I've used the similar thing to ship
out to like a write only database
to keep a perimeter a durable
log of functional operations.
>> Interesting view.
>> The question is more
of a technical one,
is there a point at which you're
starting to fork your threads.
Is there a point in which this
becomes too cumbersome or
you need to re-architect if you're
trying to insert a bunch of logs?
>> Yeah.
>> When you need a similar kind of like
shutoff and side effect functionality.
>> Right, so there's the writer monad
which we're not gonna talk about today but
provides that kind of functionality, but
it's still almost exactly the same cost.
So it doesn't really solve the problem,
you could define your own composition,
right?
So that would be a possibility
make some kind of
composition that keeps a log on the side,
perhaps,
maybe some state like monad
that threads it through.
But I think there's there's
probably some ways to do it that
is less just getting in there and
inserting the stuff.
[LAUGH] But
those are two that come to mind,
I think I'd have to work through a couple
cuz neither of them seemed great.
[LAUGH] But we could probably get to
the solution by trying starting there.